Modify Onboarding Details in Getting Started/Spaces (#703)
netdata/learn: docs/cloud/get-started.mdx

    </button>
</Link>

Once signed in with your preferred method, a General [War Room](/docs/cloud/war-rooms) and a [Space](/docs/cloud/spaces) 
named for your login email are automatically created. You can configure more Spaces and War Rooms to help you you organize your team 
and the many systems that make up your infrastructure. For example, you can put product and infrastructure SRE teams in separate 
Spaces, and then use War Rooms to group nodes by their service (`nginx`), purpose (`webservers`), or physical location (`IAD`).

Don't worry! You can always add more Spaces and War Rooms later if you decide to reorganize how you use Netdata Cloud.

## Connect your nodes

From within the created War Rooms, Netdata Cloud prompts you to [connect](/docs/agent/claim) your nodes to Netdata Cloud. Non-admin 

> users can select from existing nodes or select an admin from a provided list to request a node connection. You can connect any 

Reviewer: @DShreve2 We could change the "select from existing nodes" -> "select from existing nodes already connected to the space" and "select an admin from a provided list to request a node connection"  -> "select an admin from a provided list to connect nodes"

> users can select from existing nodes or select an admin from a provided list to request a node connection. You can connect any 

Author: ```suggestion
users can select from existing nodes already connected to the space or select an admin from a provided list to connect node. You can connect any 
```
